welcome young padawan I am Jedi Master
dashi no Jim I am here to teach you the
ways of the lightsaber in chivalry
medieval combat so anyway I've recently
been having quite a bit of fun on the
latest sword servers on chivalry they
are basically a very early star wars mod
replacing the swords and weapons with
lightsabers and changing the grenades to
more like the Star Wars concussion
grenades also there are few maps out
including this really fast and very
stunning duel of fate of the palace map
the actual mechanics haven't changed but
actually I think this is a good thing as
a soil mechanics with lightsabers mix
for some very visceral Jedi two Jedi
action although without force powers the
duel of fates is very difficult to stay
on the brain yeah okay so I also caught
a pretty epic last and basically this
game mode has a ticket system where each
respawn is a ticket and our team run out
with three did I remaining on the lower
bridge against a full team of Sith can
you guess what happens next
Oh
so yeah these guys have showed the Seth
what it means to be a Jedi something
else to mention is that the concussion
grenades are hilariously fun on this map
because you send people flying and you
get sent flying it is just so ridiculous
I love this quick although the crossbow
to laser conversion is pretty lame at
the moment anyway i hope this isn't the
end for the Star Wars much as it shows a
lot of promise and there's already fun
to play and the maps are pretty
brilliant although this the palace map
doesn't have those laser beam shutters
that qui-gon and dark more get stuck in
I really would like to see those anyway
thanks for watching Joshi no chin